Define Operation Key and Recovery Key and correct JWS verification section (#771)
decentralized-identity/sidetree: docs/spec/json-web-signatures.md

#### Operation Verification

Sidetree operations are considered valid when the JWS can be verified, and where the verificationMethod used is associated with the correct verification relationship.

`operation`, `recovery` are verification relationships for verifying sidetree operations which sidetree DID Methods MUST support, and which MAY be exposed externally via the DID Document or Resolver Method Meta Data.

> An [Update Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#update) MUST be signed by an _Operation Key_. This key or its commitment MAY be expposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY beassociated with an `operation` verification relationship. 

Reviewer: ... and MAY be associated...
```suggestion
An [Update Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#update) MUST be signed by an _Operation Key_. This key or its commitment MAY be exposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with an `operation` verification relationship. 
```

> An [Update Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#update) MUST be signed by an [Operation Key Pair](#operation-key-pair). This key or its commitment MAY be expposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with an `operation` verification relationship. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [Update Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#update) MUST be signed by an [Operation Key Pair](#operation-key-pair) authorized for update operations. The public key of this key pair or a commitment to the public key MAY be exposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with an `operation` verification relationship. 
```

> A [Recover Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#recover) MUST by signed by [Recovery Key Pair](#recovery-key-pair). This key or its commitment MAY be expposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with a `recovery` verification relationship. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Recover Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#recover) MUST by signed by [Recovery Key Pair](#recovery-key-pair) that is authorized for a recovery operation. The public key of this key pair or a commitment to the public key MAY be exposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with a `recovery` verification relationship. 
```

> A [Deactivate Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#deactivate) MUST by signed by [Recovery Key Pair](#recovery-key-pair). This key or its commitment MAY be expposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with a `recovery` verification relationship. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Deactivate Operation](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#deactivate) MUST by signed by [Recovery Key Pair](#recovery-key-pair) that is authorized for a recovery operation. The public key of this key pair or a commitment to the public key MAY be exposed in the DID Document or Resolver Meta Data, and MAY be associated with a `recovery` verification relationship. 
```
